Okay guys to create this uh PCG forest
first of all you have to open the editor
go to
games and select the third person rename
the project PCG
forest PCG forest PCF hit
create first thing first go to file we
have to create new level choose basic
level hit
create this a landscape want to create
one. Okay. Go to here to selection mode.
Choose landscape mode. After that you
can choose a material or import from
file. For us we have to create simple
landscape. Okay. Now let's change the
speed up of the
[Music]
camera and let's create simple
deformation button.
Okay, it's
fine. Uh now let's see what is a
PCG. Okay, when when I go to the Google
PCG is the acronym of proced content
generation framework. This framework is
by it's a framework created by and epic
games that's provided as designers to
build fast more content entire world be
generation building and other things.
Okay, let's close this and let's see how
it works in the ar engine. First you
need to save this
level.
PCG Z
forest
level and let's go here to the edit. Go
to plug-in search for procedure content
generation. Procedure content generation
framework. enable this one. Now let's
restart the
engine. Close
this. Okay. After that we have when it's
restarted we have to go here to
PCG and let's go here to content drawer.
We have this one PCG graph. This is
rename it PCG forest.
Double click to the
PCG. Uh this is the input and we have
the
output. Okay. I want to use this PCG for
landcape. Okay. Let's get landscape
data skip
data from this. After that we have to go
to the surface the note is surface
simpler and
now let's
transform
density
city
delta transform
point want to use this one for the fest
trees and other
things. Okay, let's see it works or not.
Uh to test it, we have to enable the
debug debug and drag this PCG.
When I look if this point
is it
works verifying and now let's go here
and change the lower bound and the upper
bound of this
one. Okay, we have changed the place of
the
points.
Now let's disable the back and transform
points. We have to add the offset and
the rotation and the scale. Okay, first
one mean offset minus
10. Same
thing minus 10.
Okay, this one is 10 max offset
uh
rotation minus
360° and this direction and the positive
direction is
36°
train for the scaling
uh for the scaling min scale is
0.8 0.8
8 and this one
-.1 -
1.2
1.1 Okay,
fine. Save all. Now let's add our static
mess back to
spawn. I start spawn this one.
Okay, let's add some Mitch in the entry.
To get this Mitch, we have to go
here to content the driver tab
marketplace and download some
trees. Search for temporate vegetation
sports
trees
forest. I go, okay, I want to choose use
this assets. It's It's for free. Add to
my
project. I choose this version the
previous
one. And now after that we have to
download some grasses. Search for
grass more filter set price to
free. Okay. Okay, let's use this one for
the
tutorial and
this. Okay, close the fab marketplace.
Go
here M
entries to create three first one index
descriptor and drag the M right here.
Okay, after download this one, go to the
content the piano express for rest mees
and go here and enable this one static
mesh. Okay, one is enabled the icon is
here. Choose one of those. Okay, first
entry is this
[Music]
one.
Okay, second one,
descriptor. I want to choose another
tree. Let's choose
this. It's
[Music]
good. This this
one want to choose a small
one. Okay, let's see our work.
Uh, let's go right here and change the
speed of the
camera. Select the PG graph and
uh, make it like this. Like
this. Okay. Okay, now let's go to the
fage
[Music]
mode and choose go to
Mansplant. Okay, choose all of those
planters. Shift
it and drag it in this place.
Now we have to paint all of the those
area.
Okay. Now return right here to selection
mode and let's
go here.
Search for material. Go to start
[Music]
content material. Only use a material
for the landscape. Select the landscape.
Once it's
selected, go right here. Select this one
and go right here and press this
button. Okay. Let's drag right here.
Here's the player start. And let's see.
Okay, thank you guys for watching. This
is of our forest. This looks very
nice. Uh this is how to use PCG. Thank
you for watching. See you later on the
next tutorials.